Update opam-nix, add per-editor instructions to Nix readme (#12233)
MinaProtocol/mina: nix/README.md

Don't forget to exit and re-enter the editor using this command after switching
branches, or otherwise changing the dependency tree of Mina.

#### Per-editor instructions

##### Visual Studio Code / vscodium

You have to install the "OCaml Platform" extension, either from
[official marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ocamllabs.ocaml-platform)
or [openvsix](https://open-vsx.org/extension/ocamllabs/ocaml-platform).

After installing it, run `code` (or `codium`) from within the `nix develop mina#with-lsp` shell,
click "Select Sandbox" in the extension menu, and then pick "Global Sandbox". From then on, it should just work.

##### Vim

Install [CoC](https://github.com/neoclide/coc.nvim), and add the following to its configuration (`$HOME/.config/nvim`, or just enter command `:CocConfig`):

```
{
  "languageserver": {
    "ocaml-lsp": {
      "command": "ocamllsp",
      "args": [],
      "filetypes": [
        "ocaml", "reason"
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

Now, whenever you start vim from `nix develop mina#with-lsp`, it should just work.

##### Emacs

> You need to install the [tuareg](https://github.com/ocaml/tuareg) and [lsp-mode](https://github.com/emacs-lsp/lsp-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to install [tuareg](https://github.com/ocaml/tuareg) and  a LSP client, like  [lsp-mode](https://github.com/emacs-lsp/lsp-mode) or [eglot](https://github.com/joaotavora/eglot).
```

`eglot` is fairly popular in the Emacs community as well, so much so that it's worth mentioning
